Client Configuration Guide corrections and tidyups - part 1 (#1261)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/registration-bootstrap.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> A bootstrap repository is needed for all SLE and non-SLE clients. It is automatically created and regenerated on the SUSE Manager Server when products are synchronised.

Reviewer: Maybe, a simplified version is also still correct?
```suggestion
A bootstrap repository is needed for all clients.
It is automatically created and regenerated on the SUSE Manager Server when products are synchronized.
```
